docs(ivy): document breaking change with <select> and binding order (#34709)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ivy-compatibility.md

* `DebugElement.attributes` returns `undefined` for attributes that were added and then subsequently removed (previously, attributes added and later removed would have a value of `null`).

* `DebugElement.classes` returns `undefined` for classes that were added and then subsequently removed (previously, classes added and later removed would have a value of `false`).

> * If using a native `<select>` with options created through `*ngFor`, the `[selected]` property of an `<option>` must be bound rather than the `[value]` property of the parent `<select>` (previously, you could bind to either.) [details](guide/ivy-compatibility-examples#select-value-binding)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If selecting the native `<option>` element in a `<select>` where the `<option>`s are created via `*ngFor`, use the `[selected]` property of an `<option>` instead of binding to the `[value]` property of the `<select>` element (previously, you could bind to either.) [details](guide/ivy-compatibility-examples#select-value-binding)
```
